hey guys welcome back to SourceFed I'm
Steve Zaragoza and I'm William Haynes
South Korea is home to many beautiful
temples and palaces it's also home to a
statue of spider-man with a big old
boner wow you cut right to the chase
don't you we don't got time will you
gotta get through this ain't nobody got
time for that the statute created by
South Korean artists this guy hung high
above the children's play area at a
shopping center welcoming visitors to
hang out the kicker the statue has been
up for an entire year so okay so wait
let's back up a little bit did no one
care to mention the Tenten Spidey's
tights when the statue was placed up
there did no one care when it arrived
for placement all right I'll go even one
more someone had to okay this thing
right somebody it doesn't matter Steve
what matters is just now twelve months
later it's finally being removed
spider-man's 12 months of rude pointing
at children he's coming to an end like
justice for the first time it's
spider-man doing the bad stuff but it's
true the erection will be taken down
possibly via cold water or thoughts of
grandma on the shower or possibly mary
jane's dad's balls and what about the
artist is there a solid reason for this
stiff depiction of Spidey apparently
took to Facebook with a sort of
explanation saying he wanted to apply
the natural physical phenomenon to a
superhero's depict what's natural in the
morning without lies and superficial
pneus in a comical way the artist was
given the option to modify the statue
and it would be left alone but the
artist refused to alter his powerful
vision of a more than thrilled to be a
lot of spider-man statue so down it goes
down it goes now we'll leave you with
the artist closing thoughts on the
matter with an image behind that of
another one of his statues which is
currently on display elsewhere in South
Korea I understand that a piece that
could be potentially interpreted as lewd
could be offensive at a place like a
shopping mall it's disappointing but
I'll reach out to the public with a
better work next time question do you
guys think the artists work should have
stayed up or do you think it really was
time for Spidey to take his bone show
elsewhere she let us know in that
comment section please if you have one
yeah if you know where ones that one
there for me or comment dixon huh yeah
you don't see it there you really can't
type anything I knew where comment
section was I would say things yeah I'm
Steve Zaragoza I'm William Haynes
spider-man now do you think web shoots
out of the I don't you know action
actually no
you